"To navigate these ever-changing times, accessible modalities to find and procure freelance work can actively combat the maternal work crisis that we are currently in." 💪🏾 We so glad you shared your #MotherhoodWorks story with the world @anitakpatelmd. 💚
・・・
Repost: Did you know that 1.6 million mothers left the workforce in the first year of the pandemic? #UpworkPartner
 
As a working mother, I completely understand why. Constantly worrying about exposing my new #pandemicbaby through my work in the pediatric ICU, uncertainty about child care, uncertainty about what my family would do if my daughter had to be isolated or quarantined.
 
Mothers have always borne the brunt of systemic biases in workplaces, and this pandemic has only amplified these inherent inequalities. Workforce participation for women is at its absolute lowest level since 1988 - today men are 27% MORE LIKELY to enter the workforce than women - and this MUST CHANGE.
 
To navigate these ever-changing times, accessible modalities to find and procure freelance work can actively combat the maternal work crisis that we are currently in.
 
Mothers are not just productive members of the workforce, they have qualities and experience that make them some of the most creative and effective members of our society if we provide them with opportunities and flexible working schedules.
 
Upwork does just that - it has already provided 12 million freelancers across 180 countries a platform to find work that fits their skills and scheduling requirements.
 
I am grateful that I was not one of the millions of women who left the workforce during this pandemic - I was able to obtain an NIH grant and job promotion while being a mother. In fact, I find being a mother has made me MORE intelligent, more capable, and more efficient in my field. I am grateful to Upwork for recognizing that women deserve the same opportunities in the workforce as men - and provides an equal playing field for all members of our society to find opportunities that benefit both them and society as a whole.
 
 📸 @annad_photography 
#workingmom #workingmomlife #workingwomen #workingmommy #doctormom #womeninmedicine #wfh
